README.md, before:

# Line Ending Selector package
[![OS X Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/atom/line-ending-selector.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/atom/line-ending-selector) [![Windows Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/b3743n9ojomlpn1g/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Atom/line-ending-selector/branch/master) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/atom/line-ending-selector.svg)](https://david-dm.org/atom/line-ending-selector)

![status bar tile](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1305617/9274149/6b317568-4293-11e5-83ba-614a6c0d9890.png)

This is an [Atom](https://atom.io) package that displays the current line ending type of a file: `CRLF` (Windows), `LF` (Unix), or `Mixed` (both). It also lets you change the line ending of a file.

## To Use

When the package is activated it will show the current line ending of the file in the right side of the status-bar. If a new file is created the line ending will start with the system default: `CRLF` for Windows, `LF` for Mac and Linux, and `CR` for old-style Mac files. If a file contains multiple line-ending types it will display `Mixed`.

### Changing a File's Line Ending

You can click the line ending in the status-bar to open a modal with the line ending options. Selecting a different line ending will change each line of the file in the active editor.

![modal](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1305617/9273907/2be5c136-4291-11e5-94af-65ece408eb12.png)

**Line Endings**

- `LF` is "\n"
- `CRLF` is "\r\n"

**Note:** Because the `CR` line ending style is not used in any modern operating system, this package only supports converting *from* `CR` line endings not to it.

### Atom Commands

You can also change a file's line endings by using or <kbd>cmd-shift-P</kbd> searching for these commands:

```text
line-ending-selector:convert-to-LF
line-ending-selector:convert-to-CRLF
```

Commit message:

Update README to redirect readers to atom/atom

README.md, after:

### This package is now a part of the [core Atom repository](https://github.com/atom/atom/tree/master/packages/line-ending-selector). Please direct all issues and pull requests there in the future!

---

# Line Ending Selector package
[![OS X Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/atom/line-ending-selector.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/atom/line-ending-selector) [![Windows Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/b3743n9ojomlpn1g/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Atom/line-ending-selector/branch/master) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/atom/line-ending-selector.svg)](https://david-dm.org/atom/line-ending-selector)

![status bar tile](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1305617/9274149/6b317568-4293-11e5-83ba-614a6c0d9890.png)

This is an [Atom](https://atom.io) package that displays the current line ending type of a file: `CRLF` (Windows), `LF` (Unix), or `Mixed` (both). It also lets you change the line ending of a file.

## To Use

When the package is activated it will show the current line ending of the file in the right side of the status-bar. If a new file is created the line ending will start with the system default: `CRLF` for Windows, `LF` for Mac and Linux, and `CR` for old-style Mac files. If a file contains multiple line-ending types it will display `Mixed`.

### Changing a File's Line Ending

You can click the line ending in the status-bar to open a modal with the line ending options. Selecting a different line ending will change each line of the file in the active editor.

![modal](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1305617/9273907/2be5c136-4291-11e5-94af-65ece408eb12.png)

**Line Endings**

- `LF` is "\n"
- `CRLF` is "\r\n"

**Note:** Because the `CR` line ending style is not used in any modern operating system, this package only supports converting *from* `CR` line endings not to it.

### Atom Commands

You can also change a file's line endings by using or <kbd>cmd-shift-P</kbd> searching for these commands:

```text
line-ending-selector:convert-to-LF
line-ending-selector:convert-to-CRLF
```
